fix: refine the warning with respect to start --optimzed and the db (#32433)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/server/db.adoc

The default schema is `keycloak`, but you can change it by using the `db-schema` configuration option.

> `start --optimized` will use database type and other build-time values associated with the current state of the optimized image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING]
Command `start --optimized` will use database type and other build-time values associated with the current state of the optimized build. 
```

1. I'd rather keep the Warning block as it's more visible to users, and we could avoid any other further confusion. WDYT?
2. Perhaps "optimized build" should be preferred over "optimized image" in this context, right?

Reviewer 2: I agree the warning might be a bit misleading in this case.
